README.md, before:

# Sci-Fi or Fantasy
For this assignment, students will use machine learning to create a program that can classify a movie description as either Sci-Fi or fantasy with a simple UI.
![SorF](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/45152371/87979827-804ac180-ca87-11ea-9ddd-ed7e340d9685.gif)
![sci-fi or fantasy](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/45152371/87735359-25188680-c78a-11ea-83bf-fb11884686bf.png)

## Process
Students will gain access to this repository through a GitHub classroom.

1. A mentor is assigned to the project
2. Steps of the development process will be assigned in the form of issues
3. Students create a new branch to address an issue
4. Once they have completed a first draft addressing an issue, the student will make a pull request
5. The mentor reviews changes and provides feedback for the student
6. Once the mentor and student are satisfied with the changes, the mentor will merge the pull request, resolving the issue
7. The student moves onto the next issue

## Getting Started
1. To start head to the **issues** tap at the top of this repository
2. On the top right hand side, click new issue
3. Title the issue "Hi, my name is *your name*"
4. Leave a comment saying a little bit about your experience with programming and what you want to learn
5. Click *submit new issue*
6. When the next page loads, scroll to the bottom and click "Pin issue" on the bottom right hand side. This will trigger the creation of the other issues. Give it a few minutes, it could take up to 5 minutes to generate the issues.
7. Complete the issues from the bottom up

Keep in mind that pinning issues will generate all issues again, so try and avoid doing so while working on the project.

Commit message:

update readme for project hub

README.md, after:

Instructions are at the bottom of the README!
# Sci-Fi or Fantasy
For this assignment, students will use machine learning to create a program that can classify a movie description as either Sci-Fi or fantasy with a simple UI.
![SorF](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/45152371/87979827-804ac180-ca87-11ea-9ddd-ed7e340d9685.gif)
![sci-fi or fantasy](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/45152371/87735359-25188680-c78a-11ea-83bf-fb11884686bf.png)

## Process
1. A mentor is assigned to the project
2. Steps of the development process will be assigned in the form of issues
3. You create a new branch to address an issue
4. Once you have completed a first draft addressing an issue, you will make a pull request
5. The mentor reviews changes and provides feedback for you
6. Once you and your mentor are satisfied with the changes, your mentor will merge the pull request, resolving the issue
7. The you move onto the next issue

## Getting Started
1. To start head to the **issues** tap at the top of this repository
2. Start at the very **bottom** of the Issues (Introduction to GitHub) and follow the instructions
3. If you have any questions tag your mentor @cairosanders
4. When you're done, close the issue and move onto the second issue (Setting up your Development Environment)
5. Continue like this until you have closed all issues!
